---
title: Welcome to the blog
date: 2025-01-15 23:00:00 +0000
categories: [General, Updates]
tags: [rants, blogging]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
# description: This is auto generated by Jekyll, but can be overridden
# toc: true
# comments: false
---
## Hello!

Welcome to my blog! After thinking about it for a while, I've decided to start documenting my journey through various technical adventures and musings.

### What to expect

I plan to write about:

- Progress updates on my hobby projects and side ventures
- Technical writeups on interesting problems I encounter
- Thoughts and opinions on technology trends and tools
- Random rants about programming languages, frameworks, and development practices
- Explorations of new technologies I'm learning

### Why blog?

Writing helps me organize my thoughts and reflect on what I'm learning. By sharing these experiences publicly, I hope to:

1. Create a record of my technical growth
2. Help others who might face similar challenges
3. Connect with like-minded developers and enthusiasts
4. Improve my technical writing skills

### What's next?

I have recently started working on a new project, called [SmartSplit](https://smartsplit.app). It's a platform that helps you split your bills with your friends, which there are many apps already out there and that have been used by myself and various friend groups, however after facing some annoyances with the existing apps and seeing an opportunity to learn a little, I've decided to try and build out a service of my own.

My next post and first real post will be introducing the project and the progress I've made thus far.



